hi I'm penny the drum teacher today
we're going to talk about the triple
stroke role when I learned this they
taught it to me as the French roll its
rudiment number five on the percussive
arts society list of 40 standard
rudiments as the name implies it's three
notes on each hand
it's important when you speed this up to
not let it totally wash into a buzz roll
it's it's really tempting especially on
a snare drum that has a meteor sort of
tuning like this one does that when I
get to the top range
I want to make sure I'm keeping three
clean notes and not letting it turn into
right just a just a buzz roll right a
buzz roll is fine if you if you want a
buzz roleplay a buzz roll if you want a
triple stroke roll and make sure that
you can hear all three of those notes
okay it's a nice articulation challenge
if you can get the triple stroke roll
down the double stroke roll is a piece
of cake
you